Don't transfer me any ancient text here.
Is there any way to say it quickly?
Tie up Su Wanqing
kidnapping
Be quiet, what are you afraid of?
You said that yourself.
There's no one else humming
Weren't you surprised just now?
I was a little surprised just now
But that's about it.
Chu Chu said something wrong just now
This room.
It's not just the two of us
Wang Zitao, what are you going to do?
These are the brothers I can trust on the road
We're going to kidnap now, of course we need a helper
Yes!
Well, forget it.
I wanted to introduce you to each other
But now
Cousin, you and Huzi go first
I'll connect with this.
Okay, hey.
Ok stop shaking
People are gone
Now.
We can
Open the skylight
Talk about kidnapping hahaha